feat(wasm): Add initial docs for WASM (#2737)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/data-management/debug-files.mdx

  to as "stack unwinding" or "stack walking". Since this is also required when
  throwing exceptions in C++, this information is often included in the
  executable or library. If an uploaded file contains this information, it shows
  the `unwind` tag.  Note that on some platforms no actual unwinding takes place.

>   For instance WebAssembly currently does not have the equivalent of minidumps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For instance, WebAssembly currently does not have the equivalent of minidumps
```

>   which means we do not require that type of information in such cases.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if it is required to call WASM out here. The same goes for all platforms where we provide stack traces from the client: Cocoa, Android, as well as Linux with the in-process backend. The first sentence therefore reads "from Minidumps", which simply doesn't apply.

Can we just hide unwind information from this page alltogether?

not declared, such that Sentry is not able to display inline frames in stack
traces.

> ### WASM

Reviewer: I'm wondering if the close of the PlatformSection on line 225 should be above this title on line 223? I'm not seeing the WASM header in the Vercel preview.

Reviewer 2: The idea is that since you're in the WASM section this will show only WASM-related information anyway. I think this is fine, but we should consider to do this for other platforms, too.

Author: Yeah, that was the idea. I wanted to avoid the single header on a new level when looking at the wasm specific page.

</PlatformSection>

> For WebAssembly we support [DWARF in WASM containers](https://yurydelendik.github.io/webassembly-dwarf/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For WebAssembly, we support [DWARF in WASM containers](https://yurydelendik.github.io/webassembly-dwarf/).
```

> Note that we do not support source maps which are also a format used for WASM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we do not support source maps, which are also a format used for WASM
```

> debugging but have shortcommings that make them impractical for a crash reporting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
debugging, but have shortcomings that make them impractical for a crash reporting
```

tool like Sentry.

> Since WASM does not specify debug/build IDs yet we provide a separate tool to
> add build IDs and split files called [wasm-split](https://github.com/getsentry/symbolicator/tree/master/wasm-split)
> that can help you create a debug companion file ready for uploading to us
> while removing all debug information from the release binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since WASM does not specify debug/build IDs yet, we provide a separate tool to
add build IDs and split files called [wasm-split](https://github.com/getsentry/symbolicator/tree/master/wasm-split)
to help you create a debug companion file ready for uploading to Sentry
while removing all debug information from the release binary.
```

- **Code Identifier**: The unique identifier of the executable or dynamic
  library -- the code file. The contents of this identifier are

>   platform-dependent: MachO files use a UUID, ELF files a SHA hash, PE files use
>   a concatenation of certain header attributes.  For WebAssembly we use an
>   embedded UUID in the `build_id` section of the file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  platform-dependent: MachO and WASM files use a UUID, ELF files a SHA hash, PE files use
  a concatenation of certain header attributes.
```

identifiers diverge and Sentry might not be able to resolve the correct file
for symbolication.

</PlatformSection>

### WASM Build IDs

WebAssembly does not yet support build IDs.  The option proposed to

> implement build IDs for WebAssembly ([Build ID Section for WASM](https://github.com/WebAssembly/tool-conventions/issues/133))has not yet found widespread adoption.  Instead, we use a custom

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
implement build IDs for WebAssembly ([Build ID Section for WASM](https://github.com/WebAssembly/tool-conventions/issues/133)) has not yet found widespread adoption.  Instead, we use a custom
```

extension to WebAssembly.

Our recommendation is to embed a UUID in the `build_id` custom section as

> raw binary.  Our `wasm-split` tool can do this for you automatically.

Reviewer 2: _nit_: Add another link to `wasm-split` so that readers do not have to refer to the other section of the page.

identifiers diverge and Sentry might not be able to resolve the correct file
for symbolication.

</PlatformSection>

### WASM Build IDs

> WebAssembly does not yet support build IDs.  There is an option proposal to
> implement these for WebAssembly ([Build ID Section for WASM](https://github.com/WebAssembly/tool-conventions/issues/133))
> but that proposal has not yet found widespread adoption.  We do use a custom
> extension to WebAssembly for this however.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebAssembly does not yet support build IDs.  The option proposed to
implement build IDs for WebAssembly ([Build ID Section for WASM](https://github.com/WebAssembly/tool-conventions/issues/133))has not yet found widespread adoption.  Instead, we use a custom
extension to WebAssembly.
```
